so maybe homies knocking on the prize
the souls are they born in a memory some
days of oh so many who is talking up the
price of souls and they hurt I got the
call but I didn't believe in the good
more than nothi see
my history right shin you met me young
and I was on the black bank here I'm
good to do a many different places you
have faith in your boy said you put me
in the game
no expose your five on the cover next to
you that was the best feeling when you
said I've rest you I used to listen to
your songs back in junior high
you made me proud in my town baby yog
live and I will follow in your footsteps
all I will ever one you tell me it was
my turn bro I told you I could never
finish it but I appreciated you for
always likes a number booth I can't
believe that you would become what you
never got to see my baby Dada that's a
really hurts bro but never food is
spilling right you're chilling to me
gives me chills it has a hit yeah you
pick me up when I was down Anita help I
can't forget that he intact man I'm not
just me before
we gonna keep you alive hello eternity
your pedigree soldier then you get
another for your brother at times only
you'd always be there for me
look at it like this I'm keeping dr.
Louis I look up to you homie you taught
me what I'm doing this music day this
for my family in my home is a probity I
guess you could say you saw promoted me
close to me I can feel you in my
presence I know you in the better place
I know you up in heaven
well harps player plays birthday home
the ugly tree where you felt this where
my clothes should be made within myself
all the talking got me searching can't
believe it is true yet is nothing never
questioned so much doesn't make sense
and I'm stealing neighbor the coat but I
refuse to just quit the dreams we have
for the future Dhani swore that I speak
then I hope I just quit it must not even
assault the homies wondering what heads
and got at me nigga stay strong all
alone he was truly it wasn't answer ever
you believe what I couldn't see in
myself it was gruff never thank you
enough without you play without beating
before the music I was blinded now a
listener rewinding reminisce from the
time
princey doesn't say enough when he was
more like a brother staying strong
through each other ain't up to mom but I
will I'm only waiting to what our space
I'm keeping it real with our surviving
dog I wish you Gordon I could describe
these couple records they'll remember
long as I'm still alive
[Music]
then maybe you
you
not to the second I was no other big lot
your uncle better guess I can't help
being selfish I want you with the hummus
man I want you with the blue umbrella in
your drink sitting on the beach what I
think of when I see you acting like a
fucking happier life
no more haters gonna rest no more stress
got some weight off your chest in your
with lol no less we fuckin miss your
wood but can't move you back in no
matter how hard I try I can't make a rap
that can tell you how much I love you
you're more than my homie man you're
more like my brother and no matter where
I'm at I know you're Oh see there and
when it's my time to go I don't need to
be scared
as I know you'll be blaring me at the
pearly gates and I can't wait for them
homie hugs and handshakes recipes